it's only the drug addicts doctor
Fluffles isn't saying anything Robin
he's slurring you can't understand a
word he says you're next
Ericka you are next my best day ever
would start out putting on a velour
sweat suit and eating a t-bone steak in
bed then my hero louis c.k comes over to
my house with a motorcycle for him and a
matching motorcycle for me and i'm like
louis c.k what are we gonna do he's like
I don't know whatever we want so then we
go to like a biker bar hang out for a
little bit throw lit sparklers and
people we don't like
maybe we buy a house together like not
in a weird way like he's married I
respect that but like we have a house
just with Louie CK and I are like best
friends now and we need a house and
Louie's decays like and you know what
this house is missing a kitten room and
I'm like you're right Louie CK it is
missing a kitten room so we do we have a
room just for kittens with a chocolate
fountain in the middle and then it's
getting late you know and so a winged
Pegasus comes in Lou CK and I both get
on it we ride off into the sunset but
wait
then the Pegasus gets on the surfboard
because the Pegasus can surf and Louisa
K and I are riding the Pegasus and we're
surfing on it and that is the best day
ever
boom it would be epic you guys it would
be pretty epic very well the viewers are
currently voting
I mean you guys are so limited you can
have anything you want they're gonna be
like your story is the viewers have
decided that your story was really good
cheers to that
ah a big Erica you're next
okay yeah okay this is my dream man and
I have a little weird thing that I like
number one who's got to be funny and I
don't even stipulate intelligent because
funny people if they are funny are
always intelligent and I would like
somebody a little older I tend to be
attracted to older guys maybe ten years
older because then I just stay hot as he
gets older I'm always ten years hotter
than him and like my immaturity then can
be seen as like charm you know or
keeping someone young I need them to be
emotionally stable which means not
clingy I do not like clean dudes I need
my space and he wants me it's not overly
possessive not lazy
I need him to drink beer cuz it's just
it's weird to me if a guy doesn't um I
like I'm really big on a jawline I like
a good jaw and I like stubble
I need him to smell like testosterone um
I like crow's feet and bushy eyebrows I
don't know I just think bushy eyebrows
are cute and I also have the thing for
like veins and forearms I think that's
really hot so this is my dream man it's
kind of Asian yeah I'm not big on a
six-pack it reminds me of like a little
boy like I mean I like I respect a guy
who's in shape and stuff but like I like
it i don't know i just like grown man
yeah I like not going there no anything
I just yeah I don't like the really
ripped dude mm like don't be don't try
to be prettier than me not too much
that's great
start an IV on your boyfriend hey Barbie
big vein you have a lot of criteria
Apollo you're next
you're next this is my happy place take
you to court this is me and a leopard
prints feet but I didn't have the timer
I just really didn't want to draw the
leopard print on it and there's a White
Russian in my hand and there's a hot
Cuban pool boy and a rad unicorn and a
palm tree duh
that's not really cool happy place I
wanted all the things I like I do on top
of my the lower half of my ideal man I'm
sorry that I'm like this I love my
Snuggie - hello you're next